# Blockchain System Demo Based On Python

It is a a blockchain-based system for storing data from the IOV-like network emulation.

Nowadays, information security is becoming more and more important. Under the topic of Internet of Vehicles, all traffic units, such as vehicles, traffic lights, etc., will be connected to each other, and then become a huge network.

On this network, data is transmitted at high speed to enable various applications, such as auto-driving of vehicles, real-time high precision maps, collision warning and so on.

However, the implementation of these applications requires the support of an information transmission system, which is secure, stable and efficient. For the time being, blockchain can be used as such a system.

----

This project can be divided into two parts. The first part is to simulate and extract data from an IOV-like network, and then the second part, write the data into the blockchain system.

However, since the purpose of this project is to display this kind of a process of information transmission, so an example file is used to generate the information that we need to transfer. For receiving the information, I used python to write a simple blockchain system.

## Network emulation
In the network simulation part, OMNET++ is used as the running environment. The data is generated by the tictoc file. This is a network with a tree topology, and each node can send or forward messages.

Whenever a message is generated, it will randomly select one of the nodes as its destination, and the message will be sent out. The nodes on the half-way will forward the information continuously until the message reaches its destination.

In the simulation, a value called hopCount will be recorded into a text file. This is the value we need to pass into the blockchain system.

## Blockchain system
For the blockchain system, I wrote a simple local system in python by myself. There are different functionalities are implemented.

First of all, this system can be accessed on different nodes to achieve the effect of simulating p2p. Second, users can create and load wallets on different nodes. So basically you need a wallet to use the system.

Transactions and blocks can be added and mined. Besides, peer nodes can be added or removed. All the data from wallet, blockchain and peer nodes will be stored to TinyDB, a lightweight database written in python.

In addition, in order to solve the conflict problem of inconsistent blockchain progress at each node, I also made a conflict repair function. When the lengths of the chains on each node are inconsistent, a conflict will be detected. Then all associated nodes are compared one by one. The longest blockchain will be identified as the main blockchain and will overwrite all the other chains.

## Result
In general, whether it is adding a new transaction or mining a new block, the time consumed is about 2 seconds. And each transaction generated is about 800 bytes, which is 6400bit. Through the calculation, the transmission rate is about 3200bps, which is 3.2kbps.

